I've never been the kind of guy with a a
career.
I was more the odds and ends type, you
know, whatever paid the bills,
construction, delivery, even
telemarketing for a few miserable weeks.
That's how I became a jiatu, a night
mover. See, in Japan, the jihadu are
known as the evaporated, the people who
disappear without a trace.
They want a fresh start away from debt,
stalkers, or just the burden of the life
that they've built. But there's another
side to it. The ones who helped them
disappear. That was that was us.
We'd show up after dark, no lights, no
noise, pack up everything, and leave,
you know, as if nothing had ever been
there. The less we knew about the
clients, the better. No real names, no
questions, cash only.
Most of the time the jobs were pretty
straightforward. We'd move people
escaping abusive relationships, uh,
financial ruin, shady business deals,
you know, that ones that went belly up.
Sometimes it was kind of sad, you know,
quiet families, hollow eyes, kids
clutching toys as they vanished into the
night.
Other times it was almost too easy. An
empty apartment, bags already packed,
just a quick grab and go.
I learned not to ask about what was left
behind. Not every job was easy, you
know. Some of them
I I still have nightmares about.
First job was this woman, thin, wild
hair, darting eyes like she was waiting
for someone to burst through the door
any second.
We got the call at night like usual, and
when we arrived, she was already
waiting, clutching her arms like they
were the only thing holding her
together.
She didn't say much, just rushed us
inside, glancing over her shoulder at
every little sound. Craig of the door,
hum of a passing car. Every time
something happened, she'd freeze, then
whisper, "Hurry, we need to move faster.
Keep quiet, please.
At first, I figured it was just another
case of someone running from an abusive
ex, which I mean, it wasn't uncommon for
us, but
this was different.
It was the way she kept looking out the
window that started to get to me, like
any second someone might show up. My
partner, Kenji, tried to crack a joke to
ease the tension, but she just glared at
him, wideeyed, hissed, quiet.
Once everything was packed, she didn't
even ride with us. She just told us to
meet her at the new place way out in the
country. She took off without another
word. Our truck rattled along the empty
roads for what felt like hours. We
pulled up to this old isolated house. It
was quiet. No lights, no signs of life.
We waited and waited,
but she never showed.
We called her phone. We left voicemails.
We sent texts.
Nothing.
We didn't know what else to do. We ended
up just unloading our stuff into the
house just like she'd told us. By dawn,
we were exhausted. We were confused and
more than a little spooked. So,
so we left.
Few days later, I couldn't shake the
feeling that something was wrong. I
looked her up out of curiosity.
It turns out she wasn't just running
from an ex. She was mixed up with a
Yakuza.
a snitch.
Word was she was trying to testify
against some very dangerous people.
The cops suspected she'd been followed
the night we moved her, likely
taken care of between her old house and
the new one. It was scary to think how
close we were to death. You just minutes
from it.
I tried not to think about what would
have happened if she'd driven with us.
The second job was in an old creaking
apartment building. We were called to
move an elderly man, someone who looked
like he belonged in that place, tucked
away from the world,
forgotten.
When he let us in, I knew right away
this wasn't going to be a normal job.
The apartment, it was filled with
strange trinkets, objects I couldn't
name, artifacts that looked ancient.
These were statues with with twisted
faces, masks with hollow eyes, symbols
painted on the walls in faded reds and
blacks.
The air was thick, kind of thick that
makes your body extra heavy.
The others got to work packing boxes,
wrapping up the artifacts as carefully
as they could,
but I couldn't shake the feeling the
room was watching me.
Then, as I was lifting a box, I noticed
a door across the room, one that I was
sure hadn't been there before.
It was just
there,
dark and slightly a jar.
I glanced around, but no one else seemed
to notice it. So, I walked over and
opened the door. Inside was another room
cluttered with more of those those
artifacts.
I stepped in trying to get a closer look
at a strange small statue covered in
symbols. But when I turned back to
leave, the
the doorway was gone.
A panic shot through me. I swiveled on
the spot, thinking I'd just gotten
turned around, but now there was there
were two doors on the opposite wall. I
chose the one on the right. I walked
through only to find myself in another
room nearly identical to the last with
the same dusty shelves and dark corners.
The walls seemed to to stretch and and
bend, twisting in ways that didn't make
sense. I called out to my coworker, but
no one responded.
My voice just echoed, lowering in tone
until it didn't even sound like mine.
I walked faster, every doorway leading
me to another room that looked the same
as the last. It was as if the apartment
was folding outwards from itself,
trapping me in some kind of expanding
nightmare maze. The walls began to
narrow, closing in. And I I started to
run. Every doorway was a dead end, a
mirror of the room before, filled with
more statues, more hollowedout masks
watching me. My breath came in short
gasps. And every time I looked over my
shoulder, I thought I saw a shadow
moving in the corner of my eye. The
further in I went, the more I saw the
shadow dipping out of view just as I
turned to see it. I lost track of time.
Every step, every turn led me deeper
into the labyrinth of rooms. I shouted.
I banged on walls. And all the while,
the shadow got closer. The air grew
heavier, suffocating. My chest
tightened. The shadow was was starting
to get darker, more detailed, like it
was slowly forming into something solid.
I started to smell something rotten,
like old meat from an animal's breath. I
was exhausted and about ready to give up
completely, let whatever would happen
happen. But then
I saw a faint light through a doorway
ahead.
I bolted towards it, nearly tripping
over my own feet as I pushed through the
door and staggered back into the main
room.
I glanced back, half expecting to see
the twisted maze behind me, but it was
it was just a wall.
The doorway was gone.
As if it had never existed.
Everything was just as it was when I
went into the nightmare maze. Time
hadn't passed a single second while I
was gone.
A month later, we started working on the
Fujimoto Doni complex.
That was the last time I worked as a
jiatsu.
We were called in late to an old
decaying apartment building, the kind
that hadn't seen a new coat of paint
since it was built.
The family that hired us, they were
strange,
even by our standards.
The father answered the door, tall, rail
thin, pale as death. His skin looked
translucent, almost bluish in the dim
hallway light, and he didn't smile, just
nodded once and waved us inside. The
mother wasn't any better. silent,
watching us with dark, sunken eyes, like
she hadn't slept in days.
They both seemed like they were holding
something back, like we were intruding
on a a private moment.
But avoid the room at the end of the
hall until the very end, said the
father, his voice cold and distant.
We didn't ask questions. We We never
did. Just nodded. Got to work.
The apartment was huge. Okay. It was
bigger than any I'd ever seen in the
city. High ceilings, ancient wooden
floors, thick velvet curtains that
blocked out all the light. It felt like
stepping into a different century.
As we moved through the place, loading
up the truck with old furniture and
boxes, the feeling of something being
off only grew stronger.
The air inside was stale,
thick with a smell of dust and
something else, something rotten.
The father hovered near the back of the
apartment, watching us with cold, sunken
eyes. And the mother disappeared into
the room at the end of the hall, leaving
us almost completely alone.
An hour ticked by. We were almost done.
There was just one room left.
The room they told us to avoid.
We had just started packing up the last
boxes when Riku winced. I looked over
and saw him clutching his hand. He cut
it on a loose nail from one of the old
crates that we were moving. "You good?"
I asked, keeping my voice low. Riku
nodded. Then the father appeared again,
pale in silence. And he glanced at the
small pile of remaining boxes. Then
toward the door at the end of the hall.
"It's time," he said. Without another
word, he opened the door to the
forbidden room.
Outstepped this
young girl, barely a teenager by the
look of her skin as pale as her parents.
Her hair hung limp around her shoulders.
Her eyes were
they were wrong, you know, too wide, too
dark. She moved like she was half asleep
till she caught the scent of something
in the air. The little girl froze
midstep, her head snapping towards Riku,
her eyes locked on his hand, and
something primal, something something
savage flickered across her face. It
happened so fast I I barely registered
it, but I saw her nostrils flare and
then she attacked. It it was like a like
a blur, a flash of pale skin and teeth
as she lunged at Riku, sinking her teeth
into his neck before any of us could
react. The scream that tore out of him
was like nothing I'd ever heard. We all
froze for half a second, too stunned to
move, and by the time we recovered, Riku
was already slumped on the floor. Half
of his neck was gone. The father's eyes
went wide briefly, then calm. Oh no.
The girl wasn't dead. She crouched over
Riku and when she lifted her head, her
eyes burned with something feral,
something something inhuman.
Then she went for the next guy, Yasu.
Yasu ran out the front door. The little
girl chased after him. The mother
appeared in the doorway now, eyes wide
in panic. Its me.
But the mother wasn't going to have any
control over her now, now that she was
feral. In fact, she wouldn't even have
control over herself or her husband. I
watched as the mother and father smelled
the air and
and they lost control of themselves.
I grabbed the nearest thing I could. It
was some old lamp and I swung it at the
mother. But she was too fast, too
strong. She dodged her movements fluid,
unnatural, as if she could read my
thoughts before I even acted. And I just
ran. I didn't even think. I just bolted
for the door.
I turned left to hit the elevators, but
found the little girl straddling Yasu's
decapitated body. Her mouth dug into his
open neck cavity. A scream carried over
from my right, and I saw an open
apartment door with a tough-l looking
guy walking out. Behind me, I heard the
mother and father scurrying out of the
room. I ran past the tough-l lookinging
guy into his apartment. I locked the
door and heard him banging against it
and then
screaming as he was getting torn apart.
My eyes scanned the room and that's when
I saw it. His sword just hanging on the
wall. I didn't think I grabbed it. I
checked the blade. It was dull as [__]
but you know, just for show. I still
kept it anyway. Outside, the sounds of
carnage echoed into the apartment.
Screams, snarls, the tearing of flesh. I
threw open the window and spotted the
fire escape, but it only led one way up.
So, I I climbed. Behind me, I heard the
window shatter as the girl leapt out
after me. Her nails scraping against the
metal as she climbed. Too fast, too
relentless. I swung the sword as she
reached for my ankle. It connected. She
let out an inhuman shriek as she fell,
her body crashing to the ground below.
I looked down and I I saw her.
Her lower half twisted backwards, her
head split open, arms bent at unnatural
angles, but she
she kept moving,
crawling, trying to get back to the
building, and I I kept climbing. I
reached the roof and collapsed, but only
for a moment. I rushed over to the
rooftop door and pressed myself against
it. I could hear the others below, the
blood lust in their voices growing
louder. I blocked the door with
everything I could find and I I I
prayed.
Finally, the first rays of sunlight
crept over the horizon.
I listened as the people below screamed
as the sunlight through the window was
hitting them. But I knew they weren't
all gone. Not yet.
And my only way out was back down
through that apartment building.
With nothing but this dull sword, I I
crept back inside. I went through the
rooftop door, quietly sneaking into the
stairwell.
There were 10 floors with only a few of
them still having lights on. So, I had
to make my way down 10 flights of
stairs, most of which were pitch black.
As I descended, I realized that most of
the tenants had had the same idea to
make a break for the stairwell. Only
none of them appeared to make it.
The stairs and the landing were
horrific.
Gruesome sights, shredded bodies,
organs, bones,
blood.
It was a slaughter house. I was halfway
down the stairwell when I heard
something below. A low, wet squelch like
skin slapping against blood soaked
concrete. I froze, clutching the samurai
sword in my hand, heart pounding, I
crept down the next flight, careful not
to slip or make any noise. I reached the
landing for the floor we'd been working
just hours earlier,
and I stopped dead in my tracks.
The floor was a massacre.
Blood spattered the walls. Body parts
mangled beyond recognition were thrown
about. But it was the body in the middle
of it all that made my stomach turn.
It was Genko. Or it was it was what was
left of him.
His body was completely torn open.
Organs spilled across the landing. Bones
pulled from muscle and tendon. His face,
what little was left of it was frozen in
a twisted, agonized scream.
The side of him, someone I'd worked
alongside for months, made bile rise in
my throat. I had to step over him to
keep moving. There was no other choice.
I stepped gingerely over his body,
careful not to disturb anything. But
just just as my foot touched the other
side of the landing,
I heard it.
a low guttural growl from behind me. I
whipped around just in time to see
Genko's hands twitch. His eyes, once
glassy and dead, snapped open, glowing
with a sickly red light.
Blood began to pull around him, bubbling
as if something inside him was trying to
force its way out. And before I could
react, Enko's body jerked violently. His
limbs snapped back into place with a
sickening crack, and his mouth stretched
open, revealing elongated, razor sharp
teeth. Blood dripped from his mangled
face as he let out a feral screech. His
arms reaching out for me. He He was no
longer human. I stumbled backwards,
tripping over the stairs as Genko's
twisted form lunged towards me. He moved
unnaturally like a like a puppet on
broken strings, dragging what remained
of his body across the landing. His
hands clawed at the air.
I fell down a flight of stairs, the
sword slipping from my grasp as I
crashed to the floor. My vision blurred
for a second, but the sound of Genko's
screech shook me back into reality. I
got a hold of the sword and kept moving.
He was still coming, his body crawling,
tumbling, and ripping down the stairs
after me. His limbs were broken and his
muscles were mush, but that didn't stop
him. It didn't matter how shattered his
body was. There was something in in his
blood now that kept him moving, kept him
kept him hungry.
But it wasn't just him.
The whole stairwell seemed to be waking
up. I scrambled to my feet, slipping on
the blood that now coated my shoes.
Every step was a nightmare. I I couldn't
get a grip. Couldn't move fast enough. I
kept slipping. I fell, sliding down
another flight as Genko's screeches
echoed through the stairwell. Each one
louder and more frantic than the last. I
could I could hear them now. Others
responding to the sound. The tenants,
the entire building. It was awake,
joining the shredded bodies coating the
floor and walls of the stairwell as they
all made chase. Made chase for me.
Above me, doors slammed open. The low
growls and screeches of the tenants
filled the air, growing louder and
closer. They knew I was still here and
they were coming. I pushed myself up,
forcing my legs to move, forcing my body
to keep going. I was almost at the
bottom. just a few more steps.
I reached the main lobby, throwing
myself through the door and slamming it
shut behind me.
The door wouldn't hold them for long,
but it it bought me a few seconds.
I looked around for any way out,
[Music]
and that's when I saw her,
standing between me and the front doors,
looking just as innocent as she had
before the attack.
[Music]
It was Itsami,
the little girl.
Her skin had healed, though her clothes
were bloody and destroyed.
She smiled.
I didn't stop. I didn't think. I ran
straight for her, gripping that sword
tightly. She didn't move. She She didn't
flinch. As I barreled towards her, I ram
that dull blade through her chest, using
the momentum to push both of us forward.
The sword. It didn't do anything. She
wasn't even phased by it. But as we
crashed through the front doors, the
sunlight hit her face and she screamed.
I shoved her body to the side just as
her skin ignited, flames crawling over
her tiny frame and reducing her to ash
in seconds.
Behind me, the tenants burst from the
stairwell, screeching and hissing as
they chased after me. The sunlight hit
them, and they burst into flames, one
after another, exploding into plumes of
ash.
I kept running.
I didn't look back.
I don't know how long I ran or how far.
It wasn't until my legs gave out that I
realized I was in the middle of the
countryside, surrounded by nothing but
but open fields.
That's when I collapsed. Chest heaving,
hands shaking, covered in blood and ash.
But
but I was alive.
I never went back
to the job, the building, or
even that part of the city.
I work at a call center now. I mean, I
I hate it,
but at least now whenever I get a weird
client, I
I just hang up.
[Music]
Hey there kids, it's me, Mr. Creepy
Pasta, and I just wanted to tell you
thank you so much for watching tonight's
video or for listening to tonight's
episode of the podcast. And as always, I
want to give a very big thank you to
everybody who supports me over at
Patreon. That's
patreon.com/mrcreppepypasta.
I cannot thank you guys enough. You guys
have been there when I'm struggling like
I have over the past year and it
sincerely helps me stay alive. So, thank
you guys so much for being supporters.
That goes for everybody who was down in
the description as well as asset system.
Ball arms the rat, Blake Rattler,
Brandon Mendoza, Rena Crow, Brimstone,
Pandemonium, Kaluna, Chain Smoker
Dealer, Chicago Hitman, Cory Kent,
Cronut 508, Crusader Choco, Curse Box,
Primark, Dakota Best, Danielle Pson,
Dante Concade, Diana Krauss, Ellie
Hutmire, Enchanted Buns, Estamine,
Jenna, Hades nephew, Kimbo Jerry, our
Hour Minute Seconds Time, Jay Ke, Jennis
Pet, Jordan Humble, King Crab, Mr.
Marcus Blitz, Old Penguin, Peaceful
Buddha, Psycho, Red Shadow Cat, Remember
the Sun, Rinku Star, Salty Surprise,
Samarine, Secclude, Simba's Bloody Mojo,
Sky Harbor, Smiley Psychotic, Sully Man,
Taly Sue, The Chavez Brothers. Thank you
so much. And honestly, thank you to
everybody, even those guys that are
there for just $1. It really helps me
out. Once again, that's
patreon.com/mrcypasta.
Or if you guys like to just listen,
honestly, that helps me out a lot, too.
Thank you guys so much for being here.
Thank you for listening. Thank you for
watching. In sweet dreams.
[Music]